So to read a text area inside the notepad window, first we are going to create a text area with the
help of Java String Library.
Below this we are going to call a text area function and then name this as text area.
New.
New tech stadia.
Yes.
So here it is.
So the text area successfully added to the code.
Now we are going to add it to the constructor.
Yes.
So help.
Oh, let us first add the about section we just created in the help section.
Help note that about.
So we have added about part.
Now.
We are going to add that text area to the notepad window.
So that about section is succesfully added to the help button.
Okay.
This about class is added now to the text area.
We created a g menu items, text g text areas, g text area.
Now invoking it with the help of the constructor.
We will call it the scroll pin because the text is going to be a.
Scrolling stuff.
There is a no limit of three or four words.
The text can be as long as we want it to.
So naming this variable as a scroll pin new and.
This grouping.
So the argument passed inside is the text basically.
And adding the scroll pen to the frame.
Scroll into the frame and then.
Now let us try and run this.
So perfect.
The text field is added here.
Currently the font size is so small.
So let us set the font size first.
So increase the text size should be done as text area.
Not said font.
The rest of the part of sensitive plane and the size is 20.
Let us check if the font size has increased or not.
Perfect.
So the fonts are big and clear.
On typing something, we can see that it is going through in a horizontal manner, which is not a good
practice.
The should we come in the next line automatically and not go through the horizontal scrolling?
So to prevent this, we are going to call something in our function and prevent this from happening.
So we need vertical scrolling and prevent the horizontal scrolling.
So in the scroll pane preventing.
The vertical, the horizontal scrolling as.
Setting it as never.
So the g scroll pane.
Should call it as horizontal scrolling, never perfect.
And similarly, we need vertical scrolling.
So we will set it to as needed.
Just cruel pain.
Horizontal is done so vertical as needed.
Yes.
So now we can go and check if the scrolling part is fixed or not.
I'm running the program.
And let's try to type something.
I think that is something missed.
Let us try to fix this again.
The text should switch to the next line automatically.
So calling to method as text area set line.
That's true.
And the second one.
It's set it up style.
But I think.
Let us try.
In the next line text area, set it up style one.
So the word stands should be wrapped like if the horizontal line is full.
We should switch to the next line automatically.
Looking.
So try running this.
Typing something.
Okay.
Perfect.
So a text is coming in the next line automatically and the text bar is completed in this way.
Now, let us try to add some actions to these buttons, like clicking on the new button, clicking on
the save copy, cut, anything.
We have to set some actions to the button.
So we are going to use Action Listener for this purpose.
So extending this with actual listeners.
Action listener.
So to make things work, firstly we have to import the event class from Java NWT.
The Java NWT.
DOT event.
And exporting everything from this class we are using as a trick here so that all the classes from David
got imported here.
And in this class, we have to do a fix.
By implementing this method.
So, yes.
Override function is created automatically.
As for, I created an action listener.
So coming to this and adding some actions to the buttons.
We have already created a void class called Action Perform with Event E.
So firstly, we are going to add action with every action out there.
And actually listener.
And in the parameter we are going to pass this keyword.
So that it gets invoked as far we recall, this action.
Similarly for.
Every method.
New file.
Open file.
Same file.
Green taxi and whatever.
I suppose to add in the buttons.
So save print tags it.
Screen exit select all caught copy paste.
Let us just end this and try to.
Try to add this.
So inside this action performed event created we have added action listener with every button like new
open save print, exit, copy, paste, cut, select on and about.
So every button in that notepad has a attached action with it.
We use conditional operators of offenders, like if we click the new button at abstract text, abstract
button should open an area as a text area, and initially the text field should be empty.
So this function is used to create an empty text field area to set text.
And inside nothing is printed as if.
If we click on Open at that time, we are going to click at only one button.
So that's why we are using the conditional operators.
So suppose if you are clicking two buttons at a time, is that possible?
I don't think so.
So, yes, the only purpose of using and elseif conditional operators are to add actions towards a specific
button if click once.
Otherwise, if the other button is clean, what action should be performed?
And in the similar way, for every button we have added a function.
So the actions related to the buttons are added using this.
This override action performed class.
So the complete actions performed is completed.
Now in the next part, we will be looking at how to add more features to this, not a down application.